[BLANK_AUDIO]
[FOREIGN]
>> And then we do this again for us, the prayer flags, and
which are many beautiful teachings of the Buddha in Gurbel Masambhava.
And many of them are teachings.
Those are printed in these beautiful colors, beautiful calligraphes.
And then with symbolic, all the different designs.
Those are, again, not just designed by anyone, but
is according to the teachings of the Buddha in Gurbel Masambhava.
Other great master's teachings.
So that is really important.
And along with that, then we do the other marriage activities,
to also kind of glorify this particular mandala, the mandala of the Pema Samyali.
This is one of the very beautiful mandalas,
that it has many different levels of the meanings.
And different levels of the teachings, that teachings and
our body, speech, mind represented by really our authentic quality of the body,
speech, mind, represented by these mandalas.
And also in a way, we kind of touch to these qualities, these naturals.
And that will also strengthen our nature of the mind, and as well as others.
And so therefore, it is, I can re-glorify these places.
And in the Buddha's teaching often also said that ancient time,
they called three month rainy season retreat.
And during that, during that time, or before that time,
often in the Buddha's teaching, the Buddha Shakyamuni said,
you should also kind of like, what's called remodel.
Remodel or renovating, and renovating, and repairs of the place,
where you're going to do practice and meditate, or the temples, or the ritual cabins.
Because when you do this, this is also mandatory activities.
This place is not just only kind of like going to use with the negative emotions.
But it will reach and pray, this will continually standing as a source of
the inspiration, joy and peace, happiness, and a symbol of love and
compassion, and the wisdom, now and the future.
So when we are ready kind of also supported to that, it always in the Buddha's
teaching say, you're supporting to the big vision, big goal.
That will kind of like benefit so many beings, so many generations to come,
and so many beings now.
And therefore, often said, fix the area, renovate the areas.
Areas.
And then in the meditation, often said,
mandala to kind of like do some different activity with mandala.
Related with mandala is such, again, not a mandatory activity.
Because generally, mandala is not just an external object.
Mandala is something connected with a very personal,
inner level of our true nature of the mind, and the Buddha nature.
And our very physical condition, physical systems.
In a way, when you do that, they reflect back to you or back to others.
I mean, it really is just a kind of cooperating very beautiful circles of
the completely total, total wholeness, wholesome.
I mean, wholesome situation of the refined in that mandala state.
So therefore, again, in Vedayana teaching is very, very special.
So we also do some kind of other mandatory activities along with the raising of
the prayer place every, as we can do.
And again, that is, I mean, what we do during this time.
And then, of course, tomorrow we give the teachings or
the empowerment of the medvatsapai and more teachings on that.
But today we will focus on that.
And then I think afternoon to some higher pujas and so forth.
So that is a brief kind of like introduction and
a reminding of these mornings, the practices and what we'll do.
(singing in foreign language)